BEST Caprese Pizza Recipe
Caprese pizza is an easy dinner or appetizer recipe surely to make the slices disappear in minutes. With no time at all to make, no need to stress for pizza perfection. And with a delicious balsamic glaze and a variety of beautiful tomatoes, the flavor pops right off the plate.

Prep Time 10minutes mins
Cook Time 12minutes mins
Total Time 22minutes mins

Course: Main DishesCuisine: Italian Servings: 8 SLICES Calories: 287kcal Author: Trisha Haas - Salty Side Dish

Ingredients
1/4 cup balsamic vinegar
1 pre-packed pizza crust
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 tablespoon basil pesto
salt and pepper
7 slices mozzarella cheese
9 slices heirloom tomatoes
3 tablespoons sliced fresh basil

Instructions
Mix extra virgin olive oil and basil pesto together and spread in a thin layer onto pizza crust.
Season the entire crust with salt and black pepper.
Place fresh mozzarella cheese slices and thinly sliced heirloom tomatoes on top.
Bake Caprese pizza for 12-15 minutes (you can look at pizza crust package for recommended temp and timing) or until cheese is melted all the way.
Remove pizza from the oven and top with freshly torn basil leaves and drizzle with balsamic glaze just prior to serving.
Making Homemade Balsamic Glaze/Reduction
In a small saucepan add vinegar. Heat on medium low for 5-6 minutes.
Stir occasionally until the mixture begins to thicken. Remove from heat and let cool. Balsamic reduction will continue to thicken as it cools. Drizzle over pizza prior to serving.

Notes
How long can pizza be stored? 
I have made this Caprese pizza about 20 times. It really is amazing but does not make great leftovers. The tomatoes will get soggy and the cheese never quite melts the same. I do not recommend storing for much longer than one day in an airtight container. 
Is there a way to make Caprese Pizza Keto? 
In general, most people on a carb-free diet tend to stay away from tomatoes. Asides from altering the dough to a carb-friendly option, too many tomatoes can upset the balance of low carb. Because tomatoes ARE a fruit, it’s almost impossible to make Caprese Pizza keto and still stick with the traditionally classic flavors. 
Can chicken be added to Caprese pizza? 
There is no doubt that recipes are meant to be experimented with and changed. And while adding a roasted chicken to tomatoes and cheese DOES sound wonderful, it will become super weighed down when we are talking about using FRESH mozzarella. I highly recommend sticking with light thin meats like prosciutto if you want to add a little protein.
