Neapolitan-Style Margherita Pizza
68% hydration, 00 & AP flours, plus a 48 hour cold proof make this crust the perfect soft, yet chewy, vessel for simply delicious and classic pizza.
YIELD 3 pizzas  PREP 1hour hr 45minutes mins  COOK 6minutes mins  PROOFING 2days d 6hours hrs  TOTAL 2days d 7hours hrs 51minutes mins

Ingredients
NEAPOLITAN-STYLE PIZZA DOUGH
250 g King Arthur all purpose flour
250 g King Arthur 00 flour
160 +180 ml warm water, split
5 ml honey
1 g active dry yeast
14 g Diamond Crystal kosher salt
15 ml extra virgin olive oil

MARGHERITA PIZZA SAUCE
400 g can of whole, peeled tomatoes (preferably San Marzano tomatoes)
15 ml extra virgin olive oil
2 cloves roasted garlic
4 g Diamond Crystal kosher salt
4 g large, fresh basil leaves, ripped or chopped

NEAPOLITAN-STYLE, MARGHERITA PIZZA
45 g semolina flour
3 equal pieces of pizza dough, (roughly 335g each)
60 ml extra virgin olive oil
90-120 ml tomato sauce
1 bunch fresh basil leaves
115 g fresh mozzarella

Equipment
1 small bowl
2 medium bowls
1 kitchen scale
measuring Cups
Measuring spoons
1 digital food thermometer
1 stand mixer (optional)
1 very large bowl or lidded tupperware
press and seal or cling wrap
1 bench scraper
1 pizza stone or steel
1 Pizza Peel

Instructions
NEAPOLITAN-STYLE PIZZA DOUGH
1. Mix together ⅔ cup (156ml) of warm water between 110-115°F (43-46°C) and warmed honey in the bowl of a stand mixer. Next, add in the active dry yeast and let everything rest for 10-20 minutes so the yeast can bloom. While you wait, combine the two flours in a small bowl and set aside. Then, dissolve the salt in ¾ cup (175ml) of warm water and set that aside as well.
2. Once your yeast mixture has bloomed, turn the stand mixer on low and add the salt water to the main mixing bowl. Begin adding the flour a little at a time. The dough is going to come together quickly, so be ready. Once all of those ingredients are incorporated add in the olive oil until just mixed in, turn off the stand mixer, and cover for 5-10 minutes to rest.
3. After this quick rest, you are going to fold the dough into itself. To do this hold onto the bowl with one hand and with the other hand take your fingers and quickly pull the bottom of the dough up and over towards the middle of the ball turning the bowl in a circle as you go for about 1-2 minutes. Rest and repeat every 10-15 minutes, until the dough becomes shiny and smooth, and you can gently touch it without it sticking to your fingers. Typically about 3-4 turns.
4. At this point, scrape the dough into a large, lightly oiled bowl and cover with cling wrap or kitchen towel. Set it on the counter for 1-2 hours or until it doubles in size. Then, knock down the dough and place it in the fridge to chill and cold-proof for 48 hours.
5. For the day of, place an oven rack onto the the top rack of your oven and place your pizza stone/steel onto that rack. Pre-heat your oven for a minimum of an hour at 550°F (288°C).
6. Now that the dough is cold-proofed adequately, scrape it onto a floured counter and cut it into three equal pieces, about 335g per piece by weight. Shape each piece into small balls by pulling the bottom of the dough up and over towards the middle of the ball from all four corners. Then turn it 45 degrees and fold from the bottom again. Turn the whole thing over making sure the folds stay tucked and gently rotate and shape the dough finalizing your sphere. Set your dough balls on a silpat lined baking sheet under more plastic wrap (or a kitchen towel) to rest for another 3-4 hours or until doubled in size.

MARGHERITA PIZZA SAUCE
While the dough rests prep your toppings and make your sauce. For the sauce, pour the whole peeled tomatoes and their juice into a med bowl. Using your hands crush the tomatoes into a sauce, throwing away the tough, yellow tops of the tomatoes. Add in the salt, garlic, olive oil, and basil. Mix and let sit until you are ready to make the pizzas.

NEAPOLITAN-STYLE MARGHERITA PIZZA
1. When ready, flatten one of the dough balls with your fingers on a lightly floured surface and shape it into a roughly 10in (25cm) in diameter pizza.
2. Put it on a semolina dusted pizza peel and spoon on about 2 tablespoons (30ml) of tomato sauce. Spread the sauce around, leaving a 1in (2.54cm) border for the crust and brush that border with some olive oil. Add sliced or more rustically ripped mozzarella pieces to the pizza and slide from the peel onto the heated pizza stone in your oven. Cook for 6-8 minutes. About halfway through, you can turn your oven to broil to really get some nice char on the crust. Take the pizza out when you are satisfied and slide it onto a cutting surface. Add some fresh basil and additional olive oil to taste.
Wait at least 5 minutes in between pizzas to let the oven come back to temperature before you bake another.

Notes
- The reason I say the stand mixer is optional, is because it's really only used for incorporating the ingredients into a dough. Feel free to use a fork and then a spatula or bench scraper if you don't have a stand mixer. 
- You can continue using a mixer to develop gluten if you'd like. I do find the final dough is similar, but the mixer's dough comes out a bit chewier. I prefer to use my hands in gluten formation for this reason and have written the instructions accordingly. :)
- I've seen sites that say you don't need to bloom your active dry yeast anymore because the grains are smaller now. Fleischmann's website still says "Add to wet ingredients and bloom," for it's Active Dry yeast, so I'm sticking to blooming. 

SOME RANDOM UPDATE BY MARIA