Toppings for the 4-Season Pizza / Quattro Stagioni Pizza Topping
TOPS ONE 15-INCH PIZZA

There are many versions of this compartmentalized pizza, since local ingredients are used. But all reflect the ingredients one can find fresh in each of the four seasons. This is one of my favorite combinations: Spring features artichoke hearts and Fontina cheese. Summer has tomato, basil and mozzarella cheese. Look for the colors of fall in mushrooms and red peppers. And slip into winter with onion and potato.

Ingredients
SUMMER SECTION
2 plum tomatoes, thinly sliced
1 small ball mozzarella cheese, cut into pieces
3 basil leaves, torn into pieces
Overlap the tomato slices on another section of the pizza; sprinkle the cheese and then the basil over the top.
SPRING SECTION
4 whole artichoke hearts in water, drained and cut into small pieces
1/2 cup Fontina cheese, but into bits
You may use fresh cooked, canned, or frozen artichokes. Sprinkle the artichoke pieces and then the cheese over one section of the pizza base.
PIZZA
1/2 batch of the Dough for Whole Wheat Pizza
Pinch off a piece of dough the size of a small lemon. Roll the remaining dough into a 15-inch circle. Divide the small ball of dough in half and roll each half into a rope about 15-inches long. Place one rope across the center of the dough from edge to edge and lay the second rope perpendicular to the first, giving you a pizza base with four equal sections to fill. Brush the dough lightly with olive oil.
FALL SECTION
1 tablespoon Filippo Berio olive oil
1 cup sliced button mushrooms
1/2 cup thin strips sweet red pepper
1/2 cup shredded mild Provolone cheese
Heat the olive oil in a sauté pan and cook the mushrooms until they are soft, have given off their liquid and look dry. Cool and then spread them on the third section of the pizza. Sprinkle on the pepper strips and the cheese.
WINTER SECTION
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 small onion, thinly sliced
1 small red skin or Yukon Gold potato, cut into slices
1/2 cup grated Pecorino cheese
Heat the olive oil as above and cook the onion until it softens. Transfer it to a dish to cool. Cook the potato slices until they soften and begin to brown. Cool, then top the final section of pizza with the onion, potatoes and then the cheese.

Directions
1. Preheat the oven to 425F.
2. Bake the pizza for 25 to 30 minutes or until the crust is nicely browned and the cheese is bubbly.
3. Cut into four sections and then cut each section into smaller pieces so that everyone can try the season of their choice. Serve hot.

ANOTHER RANDOM UPDATE BY MARIA